// Zora
//都是她会自动说的那种情境台词，不是对话的那种，居然从5点半搞到10点半
//对话台词在哪里呢……


Why are the barrels stacked like this? They might be using it for cover, but…I feel like this is part of some drinking game I haven’t heard of.
这些桶干嘛要叠成这样？当掩体用还是……我觉得更像是喝酒比赛的布置。

More barrels! This bandit looks like he was building a fort. My sister and I used to the same, but we were eight.
又是这么多桶！这些强盗打算盖个城堡吗？我和我姐姐也盖过，当时我们才8岁。

I think it’s sweet that Fjola kept her wedding band. It’s obvious part of her still loves her husband. But sometimes that’s not enough.
很高兴Fjola留下了她的结婚戒指。显然她心里还有她丈夫一点位置，只是不够多吧。

This looks like the top floor. Hopefully we can find Christer’s wife. Mara will be very happy we brought them back together.
这里应该是顶层了，希望能找到Christer的爱妻。 要是咱们能让他们团聚，玛拉会很高兴的！

It looks like these Falmer caught the bandits by surprise. I want to help them, but not if they’re going to attack us.
貌似这些强盗被Falmer来了个偷袭。我其实很想帮他们……当然除非他们不跟咱作对。

This is a cozy little camp. A hunter can spend a lifetime fishing by the White, and never lose their sense of wonder.
真是个美妙的小窝啊，就算一个猎人在白河边钓一辈子鱼，都不会缺少探险的感觉

Watch out for the trip wire, my champion. Step on that, and the rocks step on you.
小心踩绳哦勇士. 你要是踩了它，就会有石头踩了你～

The bandits have their own forge! I hope they are not trying to steal Alvor’s business.
我擦强盗有自己的锻炉啊，希望他们不打算跟Alvor抢生意吧。

So much orichalcum in this mine. I wonder, do Orcs like it because it’s green? It just seems like too much of a coincidence.
这里好多的“兽人矿石”啊。我琢磨着……兽人是不是因为它是绿色才喜欢它？不过恐怕只是巧合吧。

A secret passageway and now a secret cave. It’s a good thing bandits are so bad at keeping secrets.
从一个秘密入口到一个秘密洞穴，幸好强盗没文化，秘密什么的根本守不住呢。

They must have used these wooden beams to replace the bridge. The fall isn’t very steep, but it would be very annoying to have to climb back up.
这些破木头条是他们当桥用的吧？这瀑布倒不算很夸张，可是非要爬着上来的话真是吵死人。

There’s something I don’t like about Saadia. On the other hand, she does have some very nice scars. That makes her practically a sister.
我其实不是很喜欢Saadia。可是呢，她很是有几道耀眼的疤痕，让我有种亲姐妹的感觉呀

That hagraven was a lot tougher than she looked. Probably because she looked like a sweet old lady. Let’s get this dagger back to Danica.
真看不出乌鸦鬼婆有这么厉害，恐怕是因为外表只是个有趣的老婆婆吧。好啦收好小刀送给Danica去吧。

Look, my hero, Jazbay grapes! I’ve heard they’re quite useful for potions, but even better for wine.
看呐我的英雄——Jazbay 葡萄！我听说用它做药很棒的，不过酿酒的话更棒！

We are really high up. Look how far down Bleak Falls Barrow is. I don’t think I’ve ever seen it from this angle.
我们爬得真高啊，你看下面寒落山峰有多远。我从没想过能从这个角度俯瞰它。

By Kynareth, what a beautiful tree! And look at the waterfalls! You can never have enough of those.
我的Kynareth啊，多美的树！还有瀑布……真是看不够呢！

The Gildergreen is restored. Hopefully Kynareth won’t be too angry about how you went about it.
Gildergreen又活起来了。希望Kynareth对咱们救它的过程别太生气就好。

The Gildergreen sapling is adorable.  I wonder how long it will take to grow? Hopefully not too long.
Gildergreen的树苗真可爱，你说它得多久才能长成大树啊？希望不要太久……

Mara’s Eye…this wall is humongous! We have to be careful when climbing it. It looks like there are skeleton archers on every floor.
玛拉之眼……好大的城墙。要爬上去的话最好小心点，貌似每层都有骷髅弓箭手呢。

A master vampire! Now I remember why this place is called Shriekwind Bastion.
They say the first vampire was born here, and her shrieks of pain still echo through these halls.
吸血鬼大师！我刚想起来这里为什么叫“尖叫的风之堡”
据说是史上第一只吸血鬼诞生的地方，她那凌厉的尖叫仿佛还在这大厅中回荡呢。

We’re close to Rorikstead, but a Forsworn camp means this area is part of the Reach. The wildlings are very good when it comes to borders.
我们就要到 Rorikstead 了，不过看到弃誓者的营地表示这里已经是 Reach的地盘。边界线上的野生物总是格外繁茂吧。

Hagravens, my champion. Their magic is strong, so we must be stronger.
有乌鸦鬼婆啊我的勇士！她们的魔法很犀利的说，所以我们就得更强悍才行！

These poor miners. It’s a shame the Jarl couldn’t send men sooner. Mines and prisons are all Markarth has.
可怜的矿工们哪！领主的救兵没有及时赶到。可耻的马卡斯除了矿洞就是监狱！

Hm…it seems killing the Draugr also disabled these statues. At least, I hope. I don’t want the foreman to blame us if any miners get killed.
额……好像杀了尸鬼也能导致这些雕像被破坏。希望如此吧。我可不想让工头儿骂咱们害死矿工。

I am very proud of you for not killing the hagraven on sight. It’s not often someone shows restraint when confronted with a less than pretty face.
我真庆幸你没贸然杀死这个鬼婆。很少有人在这么‘不漂亮’的一张脸面前还能保持克制的。

This is a tough decision. I don’t like these sellswords, but if the Forsworn were to attack, I don’t like the villagers’ chances either.
我们作出了一个艰难的决定！尽管不喜欢这些杀手，不过如果弃誓者来袭击，我也不想村民受害。

I’ve heard Widow’s Watch is haunted by the ghosts of all the husbands and wives sent off to war. And hags too, but that’s not as romantic.
听说 Widow's Watch 被那些强迫参军的夫妻们的幽灵占据了。还有鬼婆什么的。不过这也没啥好浪漫的

Bone chimes. Step carefully, my hero. We don’t want to lose the element of surprise.
小心骨铃啊英雄。咱们可别破坏了惊喜哟！

(Sigh) You rescue the bandit and he tries to kill you. Well, they can’t all become your faithful companions now, can they?
（叹）你救了的强盗反而要杀你。看来不是谁都能给你当靠得住的战友是吧？

This is quite the cavern! Very green, and very dark. It certainly fits the name.
果然是这么个洞穴，够绿色，也够暗黑，名符其实！

A pirate ship. Maybe we could stowaway for a bit and have an adventure on the high sea. But I don’t think these pirates are adventuring type.
是海盗船！咱们要不要逃票去出海！不过这些海盗好像不是玩冒险的风格？

It’s said that the city guard must light these lanterns every night to guide travelers back to Solitude.
But there is a story of a night when the lanterns were not lit, and a peddler lost his way and drowned in the ocean.
And since that day the lanterns have always been lit, but not by the city guard. They say it is the ghost of the peddler who fills the oil.
听说每晚都有守城卫兵点亮路灯引导旅者们回独孤城。
可是有天晚上灯没有亮，有个迷路的商人掉进海里淹死了。
从那时起所有的路灯就一直是亮的了，但据说不是由守卫点亮，而是那个商人的鬼魂一直在给灯续油。

Two beds and a warm fire. How nice of the bandits to provide this for us. Although, it’s a little too early to be thinking about sleep.
两张床与一堆火。强盗给咱们准备得真周到。虽然现在睡觉好像还早了点儿。

By Talos, mountain giants! I don’t suspect they herd mammoth if they live in place like this. Perhaps they buy their cheese like the rest of us.
我的老塔，山岭巨人！我怀疑他们没法在这里放牧猛犸。也许他们的奶酪也跟咱一样是买的？

The White River really is beautiful, isn’t it. Sometimes you don’t appreciate it until you’re this high up.
白河真的很美呀，是吧？有时候你真的没法感受，除非爬到这样的高处来看。

So many of us rely on traders like this, who brave the roads so we can have our rugs and fineries. This poor couple. I hope they didn’t suffer.
我们大多太依赖这些商人了。就为了给我们带点衣物杂货，他们冒险上路……可怜的一对，希望他们死得没有太痛苦。

Whatever killed that adventurer is waiting in this cave. Be ready, my champion.
杀死那些冒险者的东东就盘踞在这个洞里。做好准备哦，我的勇士！

That looks to be the last of them. None of the adventurers survived, but they will rest easy knowing the caravans will be safe.
貌似就这些了，冒险者们一个也没活下来，不过他们若知道保全了商队，应该也能安息了吧。

Fjotra is safe, and we must take her to the temple. But perhaps we ought to stop by Karthwasten first, so she can say goodbye.
Fjotra 很安全，我们一定要带她回到神庙。不过也许应该先去 Karthwasten 跟她的父母道个别。

Beautiful maidens being kidnapped by bandits. It’s not often I get to play the hero instead of damsel.
美丽的少女被强盗绑架。罕见呐这次轮到我扮演救美的英雄，而不是被救的美妹。

Targets, arrows, blood, and skooma. I don’t suppose a bandit tried to shoot the target, and shot off his friend’s hand by mistake?
Sometimes it’s very hard to piece these stories together.
靶子，箭，血，skooma……我想不太可能是一个强盗在练箭的时候不小心射穿了他哥们儿的……
有时候你真的很难把碎片拼成故事。

More bandits. It sounds like they’re arguing over something. Let’s take them out quickly.
又有强盗。好像听见他们在争吵？抓紧时间干掉他们吧！

Now I get why there’s so many empty barrels. They’ve been making meals for all these animals. Well, at least, I hope that’s what they feed them.
终于明白为什么有那么多空桶了！他们是在给这些动物做饲料……呃，反正，至少我希望是这样。

I get that he’s a necromancer, but what do you mean you never saw eye to eye?
我知道他是个亡灵法师啊，不过你说你们的观点从来没有一样过是什么意思？

I’m sorry Golldir. Your aunt must’ve known she couldn’t do this alone. But keeping you alive was more important than saving the dead.
我很抱歉Golldir。你的 aunt 肯定知道她过不了这关……不过保住你的命比救活死人要重要。

All right, if you two are ready so am I. Open the door.
好吧，如果你俩都准备好了那我也一样。开门吧！

This Gathrik must have been some legend to have his tomb buried so deep. The normal heroes get a little more sun.
这个 Gathrik 居然埋得这么深，肯定是个传奇人物。一般的英雄塚多少能见点光。

More bandits in the large room ahead. It looks like this is where they skin the mammoths. The floor might be a little slippery.
前面的大屋里有更多的强盗。看起来这是他们给猛犸象剥皮的场所，地面可能有点滑呢。

This passage runs right under the bandit camp. Funny how there’s no guard. Do you think the chief is keeping a secret?
这条道正好从强盗营地下面过，神奇的是居然没有人守。你觉得他们头儿是不是留了一手？

This cove is a great way to smuggle things in and out of camp.
Like, say you have an embarrassing social disease you want to hide from the others, and you need a potion. Just send them in the back way.
这个山凹真是带货出入营地的好路子啊！
比如你得了什么……见不得人的病，要买药就叫他们从这后门进。

Bandit camp ahead. I wonder if they use those boulders to trap people inside, or if they just toss them on your head.
前面有贼窝……我突然想他们的大石头到底是用来把人挡在里面呢还是仅仅为了砸扁你的脑袋。

The legend says the Red Eagle asked his sword be returned when his people were free. Meaning, if we do return it now, he might be a tad disappointed.
传说红鹰希望他的人们被解放之后才把他的剑放回墓前。意思是……要是咱们现在去放的话，他会很失望吧。

That was a good fight, my Thane! The Red Eagle was very tall for a Breton. No wonder the Forsworn looked up to him.
打得漂亮，我的Thane！作为布莱顿人，红鹰算是高大的了。难怪弃誓者们要仰视他。

Those skulls probably belonged to peddlers who got lost on the way to Rorikstead. Hopefully we’ve given them some measure of peace.
那些骷髅很可能是在去 Rorikstead  路上走失的商人们。希望我们所做的一切算是带来一丝安慰了吧。

So according to Peryite, this Elf he wants dead is in a Dwarven ruin full of sick people. Perhaps this would be a time when it’s okay to wear a mask.
按照 Peryite 的意思，他要弄死的这个 Elf 是在一个充满瘟疫患者的矮人遗迹里。恐怕到了咱们戴上面具的时候了。

It looks like they’re stockpiling vats of this green slime. We need to put an end to this before they spread it to the people.
看上去他们在储存成桶成桶的绿色粘液。我们得抢在他们把污染散播开来之前结束战斗！

Another shrine. I wouldn’t get too close to it. It has more of that ichor pooling around the base.
又一座圣坛。我不想靠它太近。瞧那底座下面的可疑液体……

It’s hard to call this a Dwarven ruin. It’s more like a city. Still, we can’t get caught looking around.
你没法把这里称为矮人废墟，这完全是一座城市！当然，我们还是得小心为上！

The Dwarves were no stranger to torture. But to make a show of it…I can almost hear the crowd jeering at the people who walked these steps.
矮人们对酷刑绝不陌生。不过为了达到展示效果……我仿佛听见人群对这些台阶上的走过人发出的嘲笑声。

This city must be twice, no three or four times the size of Markarth. And it’d be safe from any dragon attack. It’s amazing no one has claimed it.
这座城至少有马卡斯的两三倍大！而且没有受到龙的袭击。居然都没有被人谈起，真是神奇。

Two hands are better than one.
人多力量大！

// Combat

Fall to me, Giant!
给我跪下！巨人！

I’ll cut you down to size!
我这就让你们威风扫地！

The bigger they are, the harder they fall!
登得越高，摔得越惨哦！

I’ll turn you into scrap metal!
给你们来个金属回收！

You’re bleeding oil, machine!
你漏油了，机器人！

Die you metal monster!
死吧你个废铁怪！

Damn these crawlies!
可恶的爬虫！

Blasted spiders!
该死的蜘蛛！

I’ll tear you apart!
看我不剁了你！

I’ll skin you alive, wolf!
看我活剥了你，灰太狼！

You fight as bad as you smell, troll!
臭怪物，臭水平！

Just try and hit me you overgrown ape!
来呀打我呀你个大马猴

(Wolves) They’re nimble! Watch yourself!
（狼）他们很速度，小心啊！

Damn troll!
死吧巨魔！

Take that you big hairy beast!
吃我一家伙你个大毛头

Watch out for their bite! Don’t let them surround you!
小心他们咬你，别让他们包围了！

This is the end, Falmer!
你完了，Falmer！

Come on you sorry excuse for a goblin! Let’s go!
来吧你这个发育不良的地精，上吧！

Watch for their lunges!
小心他们的刺！

My liege, watch out for their spit!
大人，小心他们的口水！

Have a bite of my steel, Chaurus!
来吧让我啃你两下，查鲁斯！

I’m going to crush you, bug!
踩死你个臭虫！

Warlock! Ignore any summons! Focus on the mage!
巫师！不管他召唤了啥，所有家伙往他身上招呼！

// Combat to Normal

Good work, my liege.
大人您真英勇！

And that’s the last of them.
全部搞定！

We make such a good team!
团队合作真愉快！

I think I might’ve hurt my wrist. No, wait, it was that one’s head.
我好像伤到了手腕。哦不，是那家伙的脑袋。

That’ll teach them.
这下知道厉害了吧！

That was fun. Fighting is a good way to lose weight. Except if you lose. Then it’s very, very bad.
有意思！打架是个减肥的好办法！除非你被放倒，那就……非常非常……完蛋了。

Phew! That was close.
呼……好险！

All right, the way’s clear. Let’s keep moving.
好了，路障扫除。我们继续前进！

By Talos, that was intense. Now I’m thirsty.
塔爷保佑，真是紧张激烈。现在我才感觉到渴。

Another battle, another victory for my hero and his faithful charge.
又一场战斗，又一次胜利，来自我的英雄和他的会心一击！

That should take care of them.
这样算是搞定了吧。

Looks like that was the last of them. But we should be cautious in case there are others.
貌似这是最后一个。不过还是得小心万一吧。

We grow stronger with each fight. At least, I like to think so.
越战越勇，越炼越强。至少，我喜欢这么想。

I think I’m getting better. I probably only got a handful of scars from this fight.
我感觉有进步啊。这场战斗留下的疤痕屈指可数吖。

Now, what was I gonna say? Before I got interrupted. Oh, never mind.
总算……咦我刚想说什么来着。被他们打断之前，呃算了。

That was a good workout.
这活儿干得漂亮呢！

Looks like that’s the last of them. We really make for a deadly pair.
又搞定了一波，咱俩堪称是致命鸳鸯组合啊！

Good work. Don’t forget to check the bodies for the loot.
干得好！别漏搜了战利品哦。

I think I learned something from that fight. Don’t get hit.
我想这次战斗的教训是——表被击中哦。

That’s it. On to the next battle. Or maybe the next inn.
解决！继续下一场战斗。或者下一家旅店吧。

That was a very tough fight. I think even my scars have scars.
这场仗打得艰难啊。我的每道疤痕都叠上一层新疤痕了啦。


// Innkeeper scenes

Since we’re here, my Thane, I hope you don’t mind if I order something.
既然到了这儿，我想大人不会介意我来点餐吧。

I think it’s time for a drink. Let’s see if this innkeeper won’t give us a discount.
好像该好好喝一顿。看看店主能不能给点优惠呢？

All right, let’s see if they serve anything fresh.
好，看看他们有什么新鲜菜品。

This inn looks comfortable.
这家店的感觉很舒服。

How about a bottle of ale, and some dried fish for the road. I get hungry when I’m raiding caves.
来瓶麦芽酒怎么样？再来几碟鱼干带着路上吃。我在副本里经常会饿呢。

Something hot and bloody for my liege. And maybe some roasted potatoes for me.
大王您来点有鱼有肉的大菜。我呢就来点烤土豆虾米的吧。

I’ll have some milk and a side of bread.
我已经喝了一小口牛奶，吃了一小片面包呢。

I’ve been feeling rather sluggish of late, so a glass of water and a salad will do.
我已经饿过劲儿了，所以来杯白水一片沙拉就凑合了。

Hm, I can’t decide what I want. What’s fresh today?
嗯，不知点什么好了。今天有啥新花样？

What’s on the menu?
给我看看菜单！

On second thought, I think I’ll pass.
我又想了一下，算了啦

Hm…I’ll get back to you. My stomach’s being very finicky.
唔……我去去就来。我的肚子有点……那个

Then I’ll have two bottles of mead and some grilled horker.
那我就要两瓶蜜酒和一打海象肉

Some chicken soup will do just nicely.
来点鸡汤我就很满足啦！

Never mind, I’ll just have that apple I packed a few days ago. I should probably eat it while it’s still fresh.
没事，我刚把前几天打包的苹果吃了。不过要是在它还新鲜的时候吃了就好了。